Rewrite query param service/client BBEs (#3779)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/http-client-query-parameter/http_client_query_parameter.md

# HTTP client - Query parameter

> The `http:Client` can send query parameters mentioned in the method invocation along with the request URL. Each query parameter can be stated as a key-value pair. When the request is sent, the key-value pairs are appended to the request path (e.g., `?foo=bar`). The supported types are `string`, `int`, `float`, `boolean`, `decimal`, and `array` types of the aforementioned types. Use this when invoking endpoints that expect query parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `http:Client` supports specifying URL query parameters as resource method arguments. Each query parameter can be stated as a key-value pair. When the request is sent, the key-value pairs are appended to the request path (e.g., `?foo=bar`). The supported types are `string`, `int`, `float`, `boolean`, `decimal`, and `array` types of the aforementioned types. Use this when invoking endpoints that expect query parameters.
```

> The `http:Client` can send query parameters mentioned in the method invocation along with the request URL. Each query parameter can be stated as a key value pair. When the request is sent, the key value pairs will be appended to the request path (e.g., `?foo=bar`). The supported types are `string`, `int`, `float`, `boolean`, `decimal`, and the `array types` of the aforementioned types. This is useful to invoke endpoints which expect query parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `http:Client` can send query parameters mentioned in the method invocation along with the request URL. Each query parameter can be stated as a key value pair. When the request is sent, the key value pairs will be appended to the request path (e.g., `?foo=bar`). The supported types are `string`, `int`, `float`, `boolean`, `decimal`, and the `array types` of the aforementioned types. Use this when invoking an endpoints which expect query parameters.
```
